Sorry grandma
I shouldn't have talked to you like that before
Don't blame you, I'm too stubborn.
You show
I thought he was really handsome
Hello easily
I really, really like him.
It's like fulfilling a wish of grandma
Is that okay?
grandma
The old lady has only one year
Don't provoke him again after you go in
OK
younger sister
My name is
When did grandma's illness become so serious?
This is not the last time.
Did we find out when we went to the hospital for a physical examination?
The old lady is afraid that you will worry
Didn't tell you
Even if you don't know
You can't deliberately contradict him
If you let the old lady have no regrets
Then you and Miss Ming
Get married early
old lady
All gone
Hey, old lady, are you still pretending?
This is me.
Li Xianxiao Shun
All to this juncture
He couldn't possibly disagree.
Sister Zhang, you have to clean up a room when you go back
It's the old lady